hello dear
viewers my name is Angelica solid
euro and dentist
and today in the program of dentistry rf we
We will continue the topic that cares very much
many patients have teeth whitening
percentage of the previous videos we already
spoke assessments about conducting
clinical whitening which
we did our patients
Christina and not the result she was
satisfied with the results
this procedure decided to fix
percentage whiteness of their care
spit ashtiani priority move
home bleaching procedure she
home protocol for patients and
held after
professional oral hygiene
at the dentist as we are Christine
carried out already and professional
hygiene
and the clinical department maniac it is not
no contraindications
oral cavity is fully prepared
home bleaching
But in principle, the percentage we gave
necessary recommendations and
Iconoclast Ilya
bleaching procedure
peasants embarked on this and
completed
in two weeks I'm this stage
and many patients have
contraindications
pregnant women lactating women
children undergoing treatment
up to 13 years
patients who suffer increased
tooth sensitivity they should
ask your doctor to
appointed doctor
means for it is less and
Insensitivity Kiev closed defects
that exist in tooth enamel
and so on I think that before either
whitening procedures need
get it get qualified
the doctor's consultation
to bring home
bleaching we made Christina
individual to flow caps
making for all patients who
and decides the percentage to come to this system
cutting off then to secure received
result and turned to her
the doctor who advised me
home bleaching
and this
was starting
she is exactly pregnant anymore
suitable night bleaching
for this they made
special capo under the shape of my football I
Found a thin layer of Helios
put on the floor at the cottage put to sleep
and then I wake up taking off washing
running water and kept capo in
special container
I want to share my feelings
after
two weeks
home bleaching appeared
even cleansing soups but she was
it could just be some moment
a little more after wearing capo
there was increased salivation but in
Basically, it did not bother me and not
delivered no questions here
I'm pretty satisfied
homemade whitening cristina lamp
there is an increased sensitivity to
short term during use
home bleaching
and often patient causes
the occurrence of such sensitivity
this is excessive application
helium
and in some sort of singel you need to wear thin
a layer of capo should
does not exceed 100 km of the Oleg Betina border
not to predict
unknown yet
percentage as for u
syringe preservation syringe split
kept cool in the dark
place but not in the fridge when we
we put
severe m
gels on kapu we remove the canyon figure
and cameras that mix
restraint appeared then
after applying the deed, we again
oao we return to the place under the cap
which was originally ours
birds
patients who did the procedure
whitening has limitations in taking
food that is to equip there
certain time
24 hours and there 48 hours we talked after
bleaching clinical eat
painting
I promise that the prices
no smoking and so on
and if you are now protection
teeth nouns after
performed procedure
it is necessary to use pasta
which reduces the percentage increased
tooth sensitivity
also need to follow the rules of hygiene to
to whom we spoke to you
at home or visit a doctor
a dentist for the purpose of warning
occupational hygiene is not a bit
less than once every six months sergey leshchenko posters
he should not get in the eyes
if where and in the eyes you can
promo action aquarius if you swallow
genius need to drink a glass of water
need to be careful of the process means
which are used for home
bleaching
prokopovna south stored in
tell a special container
please how often can you spend
home time
homemade whitening can center
dragged on the terms that is, if you
there is some discomfort or what
they said 4 cathedral received
then you
do it and procedures and lower not
need to let
in a day or two days
or he loses accordingly
concentrations of weight is thereby achieved
the result is desired sable long
time interval
and how often at least once a year
conduct bleaching norms
I think that they are less than
they are more often than half a year
please tell me what is better means
have some
let's say analogs are someone certain
home whitening which is better I choose
I think you need
she gets certified
the product that your claim you
miscalculations sharks
therefore clarity to acquire it
independence from doctor's recommendation
whitening home how you look at it
I believe that any procedure with that
including the bleaching procedure should
percent
pass
under this prize look forgive
qualified professionals and all
it turns out
consultation you spend
professional hygiene
room beat up outside home whitening
the doctor tells you the registry is giving
necessary recommendations like me
already said to make you
individual card and controls palych
on the result through there two weeks and gives
follow up recommendations for you
oral cavity income to reduce
sensitivity and so on ao
snow white smile is it for today
day attributes of a successful person
I wish all our viewers have
wonderful smile
and healthy teeth